Dude, this is no joke.
Are you sure you can take it out?
Of course big brother
Give me half an hour.
I'll have someone bring it to you right away
nonsense
You are a critic, how could you possibly get ammunition?
If you can't help, forget it.
Still talking nonsense here
This is a big fool who has everyone's name on it
How dare you mess around here
Even if it could
Just half an hour
How many big drugs can you get?
There's no way to turn the tide of the war
Mayor or not
What are we doing?
Never a servant in history
brother
Are you sure you can get enough bile oil out?
Brother, what I say will definitely be done well
Wang Fugui
Show my brother our stuff
Teacher can't do it?
Don't be deceived by this kid!
Get the whole army's ammunition in half an hour
How is that possible?
This kid
Must want to kill everyone
What are you?
Don't let me hurt you
Lao Tzu is called the brigade commander
You're a jerk
How dare you contradict me?
I'll get back to you now.
It is the rape punishment sent by Zhang Deshuai
Zhang Deshuai and Li Jiarao are vulgar to me
How could I have waited for them here?
I count you as a nerve
You're the girl.
He's my brother.
Come on this trip
Ask Adi to compare to the Dharmaraja
Commander, even if this kid has ammunition?
If his ammo doesn't meet specifications
When were we?
Not even a chance to surrender
What the second captain said makes sense.
Now the lives of the whole army are on that kid
Go and see
Can't let him get everyone killed
Big brother wait for me